
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.173912                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5173911927500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5173911927500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74995                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   148660                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              749986548                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1368660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6898.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   517367672                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1025556037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20960128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total         20960128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21006592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total      21006592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       327502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total            327502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       328228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total           328228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4051118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             4051118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4060098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            4060098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8111217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            8111217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                    327502                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                   328228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  327502                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                 328228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM             15752448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ               5207680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten              18161664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys              20960128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys           21006592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                81370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts               44422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           20214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           29931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           13330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           13529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            6278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           14181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8           25563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9           18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10          11336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11          15975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12          19358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13           7072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14          12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0           24921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1           33962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           16758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3           13762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4           22899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5           16119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            6763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7           16234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8           28269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9           19566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10          13099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11          20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12          22458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13           7569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14          13238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15           7991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                5173910764000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6              327502                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6             328228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                239327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  6682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                13990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                14188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                15156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                16007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                16073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                16063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                16050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                16093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                16041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                16059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                16115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                16098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                16027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                15974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                15985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                15945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                15948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                15946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                   29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples       247944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.781080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.846176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev   140.497396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::0-127       135678     54.72%     54.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79309     31.99%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18729      7.55%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7055      2.85%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2585      1.04%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1150      0.46%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::768-895          537      0.22%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          412      0.17%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2489      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total       247944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    15.437872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.667307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            52      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           339      2.13%      2.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         1500      9.41%     11.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         5508     34.55%     46.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7689     48.23%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          558      3.50%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          199      1.25%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           43      0.27%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           22      0.14%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           23      0.14%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            9      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total        15943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.799410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.785953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.674951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16           1786     11.20%     11.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17            153      0.96%     12.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18          13515     84.77%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19            453      2.84%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             34      0.21%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total        15943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 3187930500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            7802905500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat               1230660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   12952.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              31702.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       3.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       3.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    4.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    4.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    27.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 103860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                178103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               42.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  7890306.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  53.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy             1011860640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy              552106500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy            1000841400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy            981188640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy       199088839620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy       2929705987500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy         3470275384380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower          670.726036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4873387321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 127755019000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy              862596000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy              470662500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy             918980400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy            857679840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy       201660268365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy       2927450348250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy         3470155095435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower          670.702787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4869620750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 131519950500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total         15368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15416448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total      15416448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       240130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total            240130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       240882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total           240882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2970348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             2970348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2979650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2979650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5949998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            5949998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                    240130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                   240882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  240130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                 240882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM             13238720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ               2129600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten              14731520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys              15368320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys           15416448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                33275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts               10674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           11416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           27286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           12033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            8141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           15332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           11693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            5443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8           23573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9           17866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10           7054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11          12246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12          16674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13           7705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14          11379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           7149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0           12362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1           31258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2           13497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4           16941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5           12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            5787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7           14271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8           25747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9           18415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10           7474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11          15112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12          19540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13           8000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14          12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15           7586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                5173885251500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6              240130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6             240882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                203193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                11743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                11854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                12497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                12949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                12961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                12957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                12946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                12942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                12936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                12961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                12982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                12963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                12945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                12919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                12916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                12905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                12903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                12903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                   11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples       194587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   143.741565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.942172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.787717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::0-127       104452     53.68%     53.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-255        60943     31.32%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16613      8.54%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5582      2.87%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2581      1.33%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1038      0.53%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::768-895          521      0.27%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          373      0.19%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2484      1.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total       194587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.031001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.507876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            37      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           206      1.60%      1.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          899      6.97%      8.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3645     28.25%     37.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7271     56.35%     93.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          659      5.11%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          104      0.81%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      0.22%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           26      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           21      0.16%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            6      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total        12903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.839262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.829707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.566506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16           1060      8.22%      8.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17             92      0.71%      8.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18          11615     90.02%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19            134      1.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total        12903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 2430076250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6308607500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat               1034275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   11747.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              30497.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       2.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    2.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  93617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                148831                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               45.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              64.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 10756249.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  55.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy              782354160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy              426879750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy             805030200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy            752865840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy       193728921570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy       2934407670000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy         3468838281600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower          670.448276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4881225762250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 119914939000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy              688723560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy              375791625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy             808438800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy            738700560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy       195505374735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy       2932849377750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy         3468900967110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower          670.460392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4878631471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 122509229500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15597568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total         15597568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15646464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total      15646464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       243712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total            243712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       244476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total           244476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3014657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             3014657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3024107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            3024107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6038764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            6038764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                    243712                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                   244476                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  243712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                 244476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM             13037440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ               2560128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten              14497792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys              15597568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys           15646464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                40002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts               17919                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           28690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           12151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            7663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           11803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           11827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            5466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8           22118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9           18908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           6639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11          11496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12          18434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13           7955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14          13109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           7307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0           11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1           32013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2           13900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3            8342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4           12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5           12967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            5986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7           10811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8           25052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9           19854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10           7045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11          13764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12          22796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13           8283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14          14309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15           7858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                5173883781500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6              243712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6             244476                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                199835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                11607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                11710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                12363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                12726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                12734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                12739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                12738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                12719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                12709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                12753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                12774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                12711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                12706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                12701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                12691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                12692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                12690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples       184962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   148.869671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.947573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.441417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99884     54.00%     54.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55295     29.90%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15893      8.59%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6403      3.46%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2780      1.50%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1237      0.67%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::768-895          573      0.31%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          381      0.21%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2516      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total       184962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.051931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.846458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            35      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           223      1.76%      2.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         1137      8.96%     10.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3205     25.26%     36.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7138     56.25%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          663      5.22%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          171      1.35%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           48      0.38%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           27      0.21%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           20      0.16%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           13      0.10%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total        12690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.850906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.841612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.559059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16            994      7.83%      7.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17             87      0.69%      8.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18          11427     90.05%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19            181      1.43%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total        12690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 2301114250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6120676750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat               1018550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   11296.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              30046.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       2.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    3.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    3.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  97041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                148235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               47.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              65.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 10598137.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  57.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy              709574040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy              387168375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy             762403200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy            697034160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy       192093416865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy       2935842323250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy         3468426479970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower          670.368684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4883626744750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 117513956500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy              688738680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy              375799875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy             826534800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy            770867280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy       195397478010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy       2932944024000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy         3468938002725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower          670.467550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4878785705750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 122354995500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14672704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total         14672704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14721600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total      14721600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       229261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total            229261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       230025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total           230025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2835901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             2835901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2845352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2845352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5681253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            5681253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                    229261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                   230025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  229261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                 230025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM             13039808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ               1632896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten              14306624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys              14672704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys           14721600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                25514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                6453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           11498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           26800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            9154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           10988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            9905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8           25342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9           20028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           6048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11          11633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12          16463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           9628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14          12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           6941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0           12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1           29519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2           13775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3            9727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4           11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5           12748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7           11083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8           29319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9           21030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10           6390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11          12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12          18854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13          10293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14          12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15           7607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                5173878337000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6              229261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6             230025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                201055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  2680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                11620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                11697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                12216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                12539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                12553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                12539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                12546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                12531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                12531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                12545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                12574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                12561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                12540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                12519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                12514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                12510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                12506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                12506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples       183363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   149.138223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.371912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.227323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97558     53.20%     53.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57055     31.12%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14916      8.13%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6252      3.41%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2919      1.59%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1233      0.67%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::768-895          619      0.34%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          357      0.19%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2454      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total       183363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.290980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.537813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            38      0.30%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           214      1.71%      2.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          807      6.45%      8.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2956     23.64%     32.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7601     60.78%     92.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          674      5.39%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          140      1.12%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           30      0.24%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           12      0.10%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           13      0.10%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total        12506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.874700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.866868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.512979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16            819      6.55%      6.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17             66      0.53%      7.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18          11488     91.86%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19            129      1.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total        12506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 2255823500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6076079750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat               1018735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   11071.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              29821.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       2.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    2.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  98602                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                145323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               48.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 11265046.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  57.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy              676151280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy              368931750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy             745804800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy            679719600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy       191653497135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy       2936228217750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy         3468286882395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower          670.341703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4884266723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 116873977500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy              710073000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy              387440625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy             843421800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy            768826080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy       194655425220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy       2933594947500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy         3468894694305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower          670.459180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4879872509750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 121268191500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     14800832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total         14800832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     14849408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total      14849408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       231263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total            231263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       232022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total           232022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2860666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             2860666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2870054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            2870054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5730720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            5730720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                    231263                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                   232022                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  231263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                 232022                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM             12900160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ               1900672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten              14215040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys              14800832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys           14849408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                29698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                9889                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           29135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            9702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            8650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           15047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           11362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8           23866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9           19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10           4882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11          15336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12          14879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13          10618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           8847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           5531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0           11288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1           32631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2           10759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4           15856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5           13968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            2809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7           12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8           27150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9           20027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10           5108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11          17351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12          16691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13          11433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14           8999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15           5926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                5173887399000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6              231263                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6             232022                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                196890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  4658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                11219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                11302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                12042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                12517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                12514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                12503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                12510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                12492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                12489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                12514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                12581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                12541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                12521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                12494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                12469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                12467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                12465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                12465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                   13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples       175922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.131945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.246154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.312778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93238     53.00%     53.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53689     30.52%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13645      7.76%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7053      4.01%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3356      1.91%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1178      0.67%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::768-895          643      0.37%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          459      0.26%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2661      1.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total       175922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.171213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.658698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            54      0.43%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           198      1.59%      2.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          905      7.26%      9.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3150     25.27%     34.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7208     57.83%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          773      6.20%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           87      0.70%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           33      0.26%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           18      0.14%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           20      0.16%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.13%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total        12464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.820122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.809299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.603203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16           1171      9.40%      9.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17             74      0.59%      9.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18          11048     88.64%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19            168      1.35%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total        12464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 2173376250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            5952720000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat               1007825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   10782.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              29532.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       2.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       2.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    2.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 100905                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                146848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              66.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 11167828.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  58.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy              665786520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy              363276375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy             767286000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy            709074000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy       191443631400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy       2936412310500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy         3468295924875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower          670.343451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4884574505750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 116566195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy              664183800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy              362401875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy             804921000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy            730198800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy       193505050080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy       2934604048500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy         3468605364135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower          670.403259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4881556220500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 119584480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     13636992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total         13636992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     13685504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total      13685504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       213078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total            213078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       213836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total           213836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2635722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             2635722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2645098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2645098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5280820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            5280820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                    213078                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                   213836                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  213078                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                 213836                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM             12028224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ               1608768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten              13184576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys              13636992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys           13685504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                25137                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                7799                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           11186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           23663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            8422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            9471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            5299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            9483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8           20948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9           17985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           4380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11          13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12          13861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           9403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           9848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           6079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0           12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1           25946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2           12272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            9802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4           14137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5           11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            5674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7           10119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8           23278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9           18624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10           4638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11          15313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12          15869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13           9896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14           9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15           6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                5173894472000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6              213078                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6             213836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                185060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  2875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                10654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                10766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                11268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                11558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                11574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                11564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                11551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                11556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                11546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                11584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                11574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                11591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                11559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                11542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                11538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                11531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                11531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                11533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples       172254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   146.369896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.530119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.927122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::0-127        92187     53.52%     53.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53850     31.26%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13541      7.86%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5745      3.34%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2578      1.50%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1072      0.62%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::768-895          552      0.32%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          309      0.18%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2420      1.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total       172254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.297806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.524236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            59      0.51%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           178      1.54%      2.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          521      4.52%      6.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2906     25.20%     31.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7173     62.21%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          539      4.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           61      0.53%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           29      0.25%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           21      0.18%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           18      0.16%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           22      0.19%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total        11531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.865666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.857668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.518263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16            774      6.71%      6.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17            102      0.88%      7.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18          10557     91.55%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19             95      0.82%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total        11531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 2116401750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            5640295500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                939705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   11260.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              30010.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       2.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    2.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  87769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                133927                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               46.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 12119289.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  56.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy              688511880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy              375676125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy             717724800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy            658899360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy       192954725055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy       2935086789750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy         3468416887050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower          670.366830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4882371575000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 118769126250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy              613728360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy              334871625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy             748215000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy            676038960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy       190725805035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy       2937041982750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy         3468075201810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower          670.300790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4885629307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 115511393750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     15191488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total         15191488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     15240256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total      15240256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       237367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total            237367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       238129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total           238129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2936171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             2936171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2945596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            2945596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5881767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            5881767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                    237367                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                   238129                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  237367                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                 238129                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM             13819136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ               1372352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten              14817600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys              15191488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys           15240256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                21443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                6573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           26966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           10247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           16236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            8502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            6393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            8728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8           21411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9           21045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           5975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11          12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12          17494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           7266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14          19312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15          10660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           12029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1           28325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2           13109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3           11415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4           17503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5            9826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6            7085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            9100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8           22765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9           21522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10           6418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11          13975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12          19481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13           7519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14          20070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15          11383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                5173901468000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6              237367                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6             238129                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                210814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  5103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                11961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                12042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                12523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                12999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                13004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                12996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                13003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                13013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                12983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                13013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                13061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                13068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                13014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                12980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                12975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                12965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                12965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                12966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples       181581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.707778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.674423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.977969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93921     51.72%     51.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53975     29.73%     81.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16919      9.32%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7810      4.30%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3664      2.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1694      0.93%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::768-895          794      0.44%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          348      0.19%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2456      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total       181581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.654659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.305907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            50      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           167      1.29%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          572      4.41%      6.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2518     19.42%     25.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         8724     67.29%     92.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          754      5.82%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           97      0.75%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           27      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           24      0.19%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           19      0.15%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           10      0.08%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total        12964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.859071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.850684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.530452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16            932      7.19%      7.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17             68      0.52%      7.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18          11861     91.49%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19            101      0.78%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total        12964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 2293028250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6341603250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat               1079620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   10619.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              29369.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       2.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    2.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    2.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    24.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 111099                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                154769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               51.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              66.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 10881062.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  59.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy              682902360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy              372615375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy             783861000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy            702380160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy       195626991645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy       2932742704500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy         3468846015120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower          670.449769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4878457734750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 122682980250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy              689850000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy              376406250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy             900346200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy            797901840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy       194749620570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy       2933512320000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy         3468961004940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower          670.471996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4879734142000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 121406559250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12803072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total         12803072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12851584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total      12851584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       200048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total            200048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       200806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total           200806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2474544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             2474544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2483920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            2483920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      4958464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            4958464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                    200048                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                   200806                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  200048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                 200806                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM             11114944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ               1688128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten              12353472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys              12803072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys           12851584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                26377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                7753                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            8121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           24950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           10212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            7275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           10423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            7222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            4859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            6201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8           18786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9           17840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           6933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12          12977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           5990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14          15504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           6823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            8779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1           27883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2           11148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            8314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4           12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5            8353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            5677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            6783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8           20739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9           19050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10           7491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11          11643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12          14785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13           6274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14          16713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15           7313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                5173909936000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6              200048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6             200806                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                170989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  2672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                10050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                10133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                10591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                10824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                10814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                10825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                10822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                10810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                10809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                10823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                10851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                10848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                10821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                10809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                10813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                10798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                10797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                10796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples       146774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.894477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.700653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.762211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::0-127        78962     53.80%     53.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39187     26.70%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13698      9.33%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6328      4.31%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4031      2.75%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1271      0.87%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::768-895          559      0.38%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          332      0.23%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2406      1.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total       146774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.085402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.781568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            59      0.55%      0.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           213      1.97%      2.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          771      7.14%      9.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2717     25.17%     34.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         6401     59.29%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          483      4.47%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           75      0.69%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           19      0.18%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           16      0.15%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           16      0.15%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.15%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total        10796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.879122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.871626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.502080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16            669      6.20%      6.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17             76      0.70%      6.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18           9949     92.15%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             97      0.90%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total        10796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 1791837750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            5048169000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                868355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   10317.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              29067.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       2.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       2.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    2.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    2.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    23.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  89336                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                130583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               51.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              67.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 12907217.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  59.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy              552620880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy              301529250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy             618243600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy            576817200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy       189639535230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy       2937994851000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy         3467618157240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower          670.212454                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4887218226250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 113924683750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy              556990560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy              303913500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy             736382400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy            673971840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy       187462702665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy       2939904353250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy         3467572874295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower          670.203702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4890406005250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 110734696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl8     13884224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total         13884224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl8     13932416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total      13932416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl8       216941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total            216941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl8       217694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total           217694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl8      2683506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             2683506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl8      2692820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2692820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl8      5376327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            5376327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                    216941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                   217694                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  216941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                 217694                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM             12327168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ               1557056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten              13465024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys              13884224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys           13932416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                24329                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                7278                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            9163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           22536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           14465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            6976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           10261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            8826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            4635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            8644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8           24174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9           18755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           6919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11          12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12          14872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           7182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14          15079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           7945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            9819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1           24475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2           15926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            7897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4           11558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5           10367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            4954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7            9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8           25973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9           19526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10           7292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11          14890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12          16791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13           7451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14          15613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15           8543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                5173881092500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6              216941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6             217694                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                189745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  2863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                10920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                10993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                11515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                11791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                11795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                11803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                11808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                11811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                11792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                11811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                11856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                11819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                11796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                11787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                11778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                11775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                11773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                11774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples       165221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.107226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.101508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.083931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::0-127        84638     51.23%     51.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50984     30.86%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15277      9.25%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6508      3.94%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3236      1.96%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1250      0.76%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::768-895          568      0.34%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          347      0.21%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2413      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total       165221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.359976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.584597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            45      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           186      1.58%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          630      5.35%      7.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2852     24.22%     31.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7342     62.36%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          505      4.29%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          119      1.01%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      0.24%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           21      0.18%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           22      0.19%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      0.18%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total        11773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.870636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.517612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16            791      6.72%      6.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17             59      0.50%      7.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18          10810     91.82%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19            108      0.92%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total        11773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 2002461000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            5613936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                963060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   10396.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              29146.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       2.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    2.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  98426                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                139356                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               51.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              66.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 11903967.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  59.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy              603514800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy              329298750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy             666946800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy            611141760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy       191305461690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy       2936533512000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy         3467984435880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower          670.283247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4884782974250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 116357727000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy              645555960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy              352237875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy             835426800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy            752191920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy       193117408470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy       2934944085000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy         3468581466105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower          670.398640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4882130509000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 119010192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl9     14228992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total         14228992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl9     14277632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total      14277632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl9       222328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total            222328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl9       223088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total           223088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl9      2750142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             2750142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl9      2759543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            2759543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl9      5509685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            5509685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                    222328                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                   223088                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  222328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                 223088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM             12695360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ               1533632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten              13866112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys              14228992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys           14277632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                23963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                6413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            8995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           23033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           14853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            7620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            8666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           10499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            4555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8           24348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9           19095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           7676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11          12700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12          15598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           9008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14          15032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           7090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0           10042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1           25245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2           16909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            8464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            9191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5           11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            4780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7           10561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8           26372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9           19551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10           8254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11          14162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12          18695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13           9250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14          15833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15           7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                5173881087500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6              222328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6             223088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                195963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  2387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                11238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                11345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                11872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                12163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                12161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                12156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                12163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                12146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                12156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                12147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                12160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                12152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                12152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                12139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                12133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                12124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                12124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                12123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples       179220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   148.205959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.033778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.799382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93729     52.30%     52.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57185     31.91%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14755      8.23%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6154      3.43%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2917      1.63%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1201      0.67%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::768-895          508      0.28%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          320      0.18%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2451      1.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total       179220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.362617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.392320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            35      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           170      1.40%      1.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          746      6.15%      7.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2663     21.97%     29.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7693     63.46%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          646      5.33%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           93      0.77%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           32      0.26%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           23      0.19%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           13      0.11%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            7      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total        12123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.871649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.863818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.513012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16            791      6.52%      6.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17             93      0.77%      7.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18          11126     91.78%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19            108      0.89%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total        12123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 2203621500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            5922965250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                991825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   11108.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              29858.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       2.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    2.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    2.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    23.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  96074                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                139729                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               48.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              64.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 11615840.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  56.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy              653100840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy              356354625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy             684980400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy            628184160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy       190014722910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy       2937665739000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy         3467937642015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower          670.274203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4886664260250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114476441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy              701802360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy              382927875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy             862266600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy            775759680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy       195528718800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy       2932828900500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy         3469014935895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower          670.482420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4878598863000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 122541838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl10     13694912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total         13694912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl10     13743040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total      13743040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl10       213983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total            213983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl10       214735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total           214735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl10      2646916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             2646916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl10      2656218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            2656218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl10      5303135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            5303135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                    213983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                   214735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  213983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                 214735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM             11913664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ               1781248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten              13307520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys              13694912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys           13743040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                27832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                6782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            7585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           21268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           14939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            5562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           10627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            8964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            9464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8           19693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9           17633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           6886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11          13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12          15641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           8372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14          14187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           7736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            8387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1           24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2           16728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            6118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4           12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5           10327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6            4289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7           10571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8           21334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9           18215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10           7435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11          16374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12          18912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13           8794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14          15757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15           8603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                5173858568500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6              213983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6             214735                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                184225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                10685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                10804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                11365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                11680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                11672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                11680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                11680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                11671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                11663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                11689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                11703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                11696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                11691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                11653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                11657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                11647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                11647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                11647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples       167101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.933771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.148082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.096646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::0-127        91186     54.57%     54.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48157     28.82%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13733      8.22%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6700      4.01%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2812      1.68%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1261      0.75%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::768-895          505      0.30%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          274      0.16%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2473      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total       167101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    15.982485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.480354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            49      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           147      1.26%      1.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          803      6.89%      8.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3386     29.07%     37.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         6605     56.71%     94.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          509      4.37%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69      0.59%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           25      0.21%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      0.17%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           24      0.21%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            9      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total        11647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.852666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.844089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.536586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16            849      7.29%      7.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17            112      0.96%      8.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18          10594     90.96%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19             90      0.77%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total        11647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 2114017000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            5604348250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                930755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   11356.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              30106.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       2.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    2.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    2.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    24.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  88667                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                138313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               47.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              66.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 12068209.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  57.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy              600309360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy              327549750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy             643445400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy            599438880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy       188260321050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy       2939204688000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy         3467570312520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower          670.203206                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4889239208750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 111901492500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy              662974200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy              361741875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy             808532400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy            747947520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy       195436368540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy       2932909909500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy         3468862034115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower          670.452867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4878738864000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 122401837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl11     15608704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total         15608704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl11     15657152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total      15657152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl11       243886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total            243886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl11       244643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total           244643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl11      3016809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             3016809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl11      3026173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            3026173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl11      6042982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            6042982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                    243886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                   244643                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  243886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                 244643                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM             14220032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ               1388672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten              15316096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys              15608704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys           15657152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                21698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                5313                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           23372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           13830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           10218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           14901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           12828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            4612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           11239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8           25709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9           21403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           6193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11          13204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12          18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           9660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14          17614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15           8530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0           11149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1           25275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2           15053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3           11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4           15587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5           14122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6            4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7           12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8           28177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9           21785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10           6445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11          14982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12          20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13           9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14          17977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15           8867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                5173881528500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6              243886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6             244643                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                219271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  2911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                12452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                12523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                13110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                13444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                13409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                13412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                13411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                13402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                13428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                13445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                13457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                13414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                13397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                13400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                13390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                13389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                13390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples       196578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.251442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.730085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.719499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::0-127       104752     53.29%     53.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59605     30.32%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16095      8.19%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7903      4.02%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3259      1.66%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1329      0.68%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::768-895          754      0.38%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          447      0.23%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2434      1.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total       196578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.594742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.092961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            32      0.24%      0.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           144      1.08%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          504      3.76%      5.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         2995     22.37%     27.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         8887     66.38%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          666      4.97%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           79      0.59%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           36      0.27%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           23      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.13%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total        13389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.873926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.866227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.508311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16            872      6.51%      6.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17             63      0.47%      6.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18          12336     92.14%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19            117      0.87%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total        13389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 2460184750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6626209750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat               1110940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   11072.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              29822.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       2.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    3.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    3.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 109550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                155374                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               49.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              64.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 10590735.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  57.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy              739919880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy              403726125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy             787261800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy            716260320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy       193961802195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy       2934203388750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy         3468746919150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower          670.430618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4880893003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 120247698250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy              746209800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy              407158125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy             945804600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy            834494400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy       197323338150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy       2931254673000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy         3469446238155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower          670.565781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4875975780500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 125164920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl12     14535936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total         14535936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl12     14584384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total      14584384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl12       227124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total            227124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl12       227881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total           227881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl12      2809467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             2809467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl12      2818831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2818831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl12      5628298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            5628298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                    227124                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                   227881                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  227124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                 227881                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM             12709376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ               1826560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten              13964096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys              14535936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys           14584384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                28540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                9675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            9923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           24877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           10524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            7390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           16272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           11367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           10465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8           22684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9           17963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           4579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11          15227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12          15750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13           9284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14          11110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           6328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0           10556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1           28582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2           11634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            8830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4           17789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5           12831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6            5060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7           11186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8           25321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9           18449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10           4869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11          17226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12          17591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13          10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14          11399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15           6828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                5173881518500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6              227124                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6             227881                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                194986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                11162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                11260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                11876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                12270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                12258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                12256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                12266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                12284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                12253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                12259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                12342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                12291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                12263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                12236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                12227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                12228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                12224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                12226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples       180977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.385977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.184661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.417284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98433     54.39%     54.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55065     30.43%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13466      7.44%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6922      3.82%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2849      1.57%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1047      0.58%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::768-895          484      0.27%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          274      0.15%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2437      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total       180977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.245255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.685509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            62      0.51%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           181      1.48%      1.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          783      6.41%      8.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3139     25.68%     34.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7131     58.34%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          738      6.04%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          102      0.83%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           26      0.21%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           18      0.15%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           21      0.17%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           17      0.14%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total        12224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.849231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.839752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.564801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16            973      7.96%      7.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17             85      0.70%      8.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18          10984     89.86%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19            176      1.44%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::20              6      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total        12224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 2236438000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            5959888000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                992920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   11261.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              30011.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       2.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    2.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  95886                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                139910                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               48.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              64.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 11371043.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  56.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy              708568560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy              386619750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy             746140200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy            689912640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy       195001672005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy       2933291222250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy         3468758695485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower          670.432894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4879368499250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 121772202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy              659617560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy              359910375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy             802815000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy            723952080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy       193972230630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy       2934194241000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy         3468647326725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower          670.411369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4880871733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 120268967750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl13     13986304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total         13986304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl13     14034944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total      14034944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl13       218536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total            218536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl13       219296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total           219296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl13      2703236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             2703236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl13      2712637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2712637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl13      5415873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            5415873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                    218536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                   219296                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  218536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                 219296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM             12350848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ               1635456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten              13568000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys              13986304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys           14034944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                25554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                7270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           23579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           12944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           10182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           16697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            9672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            6193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            7649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8           21930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9           18382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11          13529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12          16172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13           7239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14          10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0           10475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1           26367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2           14267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3           12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4           18155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5           10799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6            6859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            8099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8           23740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9           18997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10           4950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11          15173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12          18649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13           7763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14          10455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15           4627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                5173909753500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6              218536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6             219296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                189395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                10773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                10893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                11495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                11937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                11931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                11934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                11917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                11926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                11905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                11957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                11965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                11973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                11938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                11901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                11895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                11891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                11887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                11888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples       168937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.423158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.986841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.227003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::0-127        87714     51.92%     51.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52702     31.20%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14463      8.56%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6925      4.10%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2768      1.64%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1135      0.67%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::768-895          482      0.29%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          323      0.19%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2425      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total       168937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.233869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.569976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            60      0.50%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           159      1.34%      1.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          615      5.17%      7.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3151     26.51%     33.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7160     60.23%     93.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          578      4.86%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           79      0.66%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           17      0.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      0.17%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           25      0.21%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           15      0.13%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            7      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total        11887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.834609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.824692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.577412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16           1007      8.47%      8.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17            103      0.87%      9.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18          10629     89.42%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19            145      1.22%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total        11887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 2058947500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            5677360000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                964910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   10669.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              29419.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       2.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    2.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    23.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  96309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                139736                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               49.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              65.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 11817111.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  58.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy              681949800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy              372095625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy             752754600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy            697546080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy       193634202960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy       2934490756500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy         3468563865645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower          670.395238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4881370399750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 119770301500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy              595213920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy              324769500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy             752505000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy            676213920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy       191149649055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy       2936670189750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy         3468103101225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower          670.306182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4885007529750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 116133171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl14     15331008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total         15331008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl14     15379840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total      15379840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl14       239547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total            239547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl14       240310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total           240310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl14      2963137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             2963137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl14      2972575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            2972575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl14      5935711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            5935711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                    239547                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                   240310                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  239547                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                 240310                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM             13603008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ               1728000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten              14943424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys              15331008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys           15379840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                27000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                6794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            9964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           28932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           13436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           10460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           17648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           10832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            7142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           11601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8           22326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9           20869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           7119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12          17685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           7753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14          12732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           6362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0           10397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1           31604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2           14712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3           13060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4           19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5           12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            7632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7           12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8           25031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9           21626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10           7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11           8316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12          20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13           7934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14          13089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15           6837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                5173904176500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6              239547                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6             240310                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                208993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                12148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                12224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                12727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                13110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                13102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                13093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                13094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                13093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                13086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                13111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                13149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                13141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                13071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                13066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                13065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                13064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                13065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples       186626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.960638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.985956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.742253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99513     53.32%     53.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54291     29.09%     82.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16884      9.05%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7834      4.20%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3242      1.74%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1303      0.70%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::768-895          618      0.33%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          428      0.23%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2513      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total       186626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.269060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.380615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            66      0.51%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           179      1.37%      1.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          629      4.81%      6.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3253     24.90%     31.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         8260     63.23%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          542      4.15%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           50      0.38%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           24      0.18%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           22      0.17%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           18      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           17      0.13%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total        13064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.872857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.865124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.509259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16            861      6.59%      6.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17             47      0.36%      6.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18          12048     92.22%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19            108      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total        13064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 2238365500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6223621750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat               1062735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   10531.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              29281.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       2.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       2.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    2.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    2.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 106210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                153202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               49.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              65.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 10782179.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  58.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy              745945200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy              407013750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy             858117000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy            789633360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy       197352299565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy       2931229268250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy         3469316837205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower          670.540770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4875929940500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 125210760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy              664947360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy              362818500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy             799749600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy            723388320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy       193222929150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy       2934851523000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy         3468559916010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower          670.394474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4881973307250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 119167394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl15     14904256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total         14904256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl15     14952896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total      14952896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl15       232879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total            232879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl15       233639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total           233639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl15      2880655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             2880655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl15      2890056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            2890056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl15      5770711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            5770711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                    232879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                   233639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  232879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                 233639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM             12884672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ               2019584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten              14276864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys              14904256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys           14952896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                31556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts               10531                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           11052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           29343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           13172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            9927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           15140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           10610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            6436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            9617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8           17720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9           18687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           6626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           8854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12          16434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13           6333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14          15069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           6303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0           13729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1           31954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2           14346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3           11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4           16376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5           11912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6            6913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7           10244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8           20331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9           19433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10           7021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11          10134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12          19385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13           6651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14          16223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15           6708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                5173909914000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6              232879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6             233639                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                195855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  5423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                11264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                11401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                12016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                12556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                12562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                12573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                12580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                12553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                12585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                12610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                12627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                12569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                12529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                12526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                12512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                12511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                12510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                   14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples       178356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.288322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.974228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.900559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::0-127        96724     54.23%     54.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51233     28.73%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14453      8.10%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7819      4.38%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3468      1.94%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1266      0.71%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::768-895          608      0.34%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          371      0.21%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2414      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total       178356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    16.091926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.709581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            95      0.76%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           164      1.31%      2.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          855      6.83%      8.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         3310     26.46%     35.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         7272     58.13%     93.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          633      5.06%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           91      0.73%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           25      0.20%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      0.16%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           21      0.17%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           20      0.16%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total        12510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.831815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.820880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.607606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16           1136      9.08%      9.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17            107      0.86%      9.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18          11013     88.03%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19            235      1.88%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20             17      0.14%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total        12510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 2147583750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            5922390000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat               1006615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   10667.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              29417.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       2.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       2.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    2.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 100902                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                145141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               50.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              65.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 11090482.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  57.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy              721080360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy              393446625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy             821316600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy            759391200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy       195247095480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy       2933075938500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy         3468952828845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower          670.470416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4879018048250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 122122653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy              627291000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy              342271875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy             749002800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy            686141280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       337934560080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy       193612504770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy       2934509790000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy         3468461561805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower          670.375465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4881397283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF 172768180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 119743418250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               73853783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         73853783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1108742                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            72351756                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1019404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            248332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       72351756                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits          66045125                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         6306631                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       742429                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       536192709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          23035218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     374747737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   73853783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          67064529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    476298158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2245226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     22918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles             1969844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        29596                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles      1713608                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7860583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               441287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1029                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         504191985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.467429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.758448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               359579805     71.32%     71.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2107407      0.42%     71.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                55228255     10.95%     82.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1937497      0.38%     83.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 9128314      1.81%     84.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1839971      0.36%     85.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 8861083      1.76%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1467397      0.29%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                64042256     12.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           504191985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.137737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.698905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                39659339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            372037988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 42480107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles             48891938                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1122613                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             723023840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1122613                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                53825291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles              288038365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       9480985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 74982463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             76742268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             717550285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             44250701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 19430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              21895456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          858520347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups           1543386843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       952061407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               58                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            836814005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                21706320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            209217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        208608                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                225975134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11894200                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8062983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1371317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1739558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 710667647                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            2854680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                712033834                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           250356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       16556967                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     22035655                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        294113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    504191985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.412228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.063863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          314447313     62.37%     62.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           22859503      4.53%     66.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           17446757      3.46%     70.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           40698105      8.07%     78.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           49887827      9.89%     88.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           21580612      4.28%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           36383441      7.22%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             675928      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             212499      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      504191985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               15542613     98.24%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                207595      1.31%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                71500      0.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           319753      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            689429656     96.83%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              173828      0.02%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                48617      0.01%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 20      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            14682847      2.06%     98.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7379113      1.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             712033834                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.327944                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   15821708                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1944331609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        730084157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    705726198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                104                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                56                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           48                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             727535737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     52                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          475180                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2518913                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13183                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5836                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1532660                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       788357                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3086024                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1122613                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1678626                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles             10999197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          713522327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           167100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11894200                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8062983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1082600                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             10998931                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5836                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        375130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       969705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1344835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            709956834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             14185006                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1909034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    21261225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                69919302                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7076219                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.324070                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     706714231                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    705726246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                526029537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                840802729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.316180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625628                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16543675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        2560567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1111257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    501390746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.390064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.238065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    325557787     64.93%     64.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10667841      2.13%     67.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     29851461      5.95%     73.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     69071669     13.78%     86.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2072921      0.41%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20018761      3.99%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1206341      0.24%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39795681      7.94%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3148284      0.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    501390746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           351955923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             696965344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      15905605                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      9375284                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                    1611959                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  69149374                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                633050600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              461138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       109886      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       680736448     97.67%     97.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         167241      0.02%     97.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47814      0.01%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        9373618      1.34%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6530321      0.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        696965344                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3148284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1211715278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1429850649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         466261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       32000724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  9811093385                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  351955923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    696965344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.523466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.523466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.656398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.656398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               939899289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              564915587                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       48                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                357712182                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               280890471                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              225013052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                168282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                4449199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          4449199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           510954                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             3796150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 384392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            108326                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        3796150                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           1264854                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         2531296                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       351641                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                        68980653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15443274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      22658902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    4449199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1649246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31569450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                1045510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     22926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles              824246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33063                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles      1045464                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  3250778                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               236304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    528                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          49461574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.887796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.332290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                42092469     85.10%     85.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  677569      1.37%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  439822      0.89%     87.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  370096      0.75%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  670197      1.35%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  697194      1.41%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  373737      0.76%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  288795      0.58%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 3851695      7.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            49461574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.064499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.328482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                13279098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             30509801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  3468020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              1681900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                522755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              36645622                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                522755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                13993965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               20532285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       5300509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  4046836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              5065224                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              34233304                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents              2178261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                  8753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents               2363640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           39067216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             84420099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        50431209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups               64                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             29882595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 9184619                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            138110                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        136268                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 10362953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             4546881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            2506390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           494394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          363423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32178485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             451171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 31585783                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            99031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7075173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9785037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        164887                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     49461574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.638592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.405636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           37596966     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            4057479      8.20%     84.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2561872      5.18%     89.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1718944      3.48%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1682880      3.40%     96.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             879367      1.78%     98.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             704303      1.42%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             184549      0.37%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75214      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       49461574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  85243     37.67%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     37.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                108923     48.14%     85.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                32095     14.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           197597      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             23589902     74.69%     75.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              138184      0.44%     75.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                28397      0.09%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 27      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5439224     17.22%     93.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2192452      6.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              31585783                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.457893                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     226261                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         112958314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39707481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29182489                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                118                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                70                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           52                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              31614388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     59                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          191985                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5881                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3029                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       652442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3077                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1325220                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                522755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 697952                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1182709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32629656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            69039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4546909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2506390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            238089                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1181750                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3029                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        165522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       444889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              610411                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30757735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5224047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           764234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     7318459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 2816270                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   2094412                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.445889                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      29273189                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     29182541                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 19780013                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 31858870                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.423054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7077716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         286284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           514178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     48240865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.529727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.504375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39802134     82.51%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3219652      6.67%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1112220      2.31%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1643670      3.41%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       630659      1.31%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       418386      0.87%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       210543      0.44%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       327255      0.68%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       876346      1.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     48240865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            13306597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              25554479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       5238158                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      3384210                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     125679                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   2507787                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 24760742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              187434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        89916      0.35%      0.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        20066451     78.52%     78.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         134671      0.53%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           27330      0.11%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3382147     13.24%     92.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1853948      7.25%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         25554479                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               876346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    79960578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   66493769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         367081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       19519079                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 10278652711                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13306597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25554479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              5.183944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        5.183944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.192903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.192903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                44752477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               23581172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                       52                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 15852578                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                 9894837                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               14101302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                121733                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                2244632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          2244632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           114994                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             2020375                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 123874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        2020375                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           1223889                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses          796486                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted        62911                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                        21704377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7057041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       9948693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    2244632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           1347763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      7752098                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 244646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                      7320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles              148476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         8485                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          583                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       211001                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  1450629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                57452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    140                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          15307349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.351603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.662263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                11466538     74.91%     74.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  392358      2.56%     77.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  402854      2.63%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  142333      0.93%     81.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  515236      3.37%     84.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  542991      3.55%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  174159      1.14%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  123494      0.81%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1547386     10.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            15307349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.103418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.458373                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 5954598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              6552731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  1529735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1147962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                122323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              19198241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                122323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 6312460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                3903389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       1148854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  2181126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1639197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              18754096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents              1142452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                   624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                153689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           21738183                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             44432731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        24591354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               56                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             19908220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1829933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts             54783                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         52626                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  5354760                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             2057147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             686487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           115930                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           68325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  18348511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             119576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18410484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            23291                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1427308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1875599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         27976                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15307349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.202722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.844467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9300692     60.76%     60.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1422362      9.29%     70.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1204483      7.87%     77.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1141861      7.46%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             930157      6.08%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             536927      3.51%     94.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             670178      4.38%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              78270      0.51%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22419      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       15307349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 141014     82.40%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 18520     10.82%     93.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11609      6.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            87837      0.48%      0.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             15277888     82.98%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               18234      0.10%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 2463      0.01%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 20      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2378677     12.92%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             645365      3.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              18410484                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.848238                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     171143                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52322645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         19896213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17823876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                104                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                56                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           50                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              18493738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     52                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           84142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       207638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1190                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          978                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          219                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       393169                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                122323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 135494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                81171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           18468087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2057175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              686487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             76448                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81287                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           978                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42388                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        91687                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              134075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18255585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2341349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           140884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     2972288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 1909752                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    630939                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.841102                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      17838371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     17823926                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 12835298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 20270304                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.821213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1412328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          91598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           115705                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15049530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.132312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.022263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9728889     64.65%     64.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1653336     10.99%     75.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       608139      4.04%     79.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1489833      9.90%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       274813      1.83%     91.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       348285      2.31%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       158648      1.05%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       391611      2.60%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       395976      2.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15049530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             8294298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              17040763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       2427231                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1849532                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      32762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   1837613                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 16070211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls               83329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        56816      0.33%      0.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14539070     85.32%     85.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          16913      0.10%     85.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            2389      0.01%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1847860     10.84%     96.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        577699      3.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         17040763                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               395976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    33069831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   37164018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         181707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        6397028                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                 10326117806                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    8294298                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     17040763                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              2.616783                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        2.616783                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.382149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.382149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                23864828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               14302778                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                       50                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 11151869                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                 6332931                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                7962571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                 57479                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups               34001592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted         34001592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect           949393                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups            32455806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                1124577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect            221527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups       32455806                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits          26638154                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         5817652                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted       628527                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       218707286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          20177829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     162690459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   34001592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          27762731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                    164188676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                1926592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.TlbCycles                     27408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles             1726276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48906                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1202                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles      1494866                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                  5551046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes               393445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1278                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         188628481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.705827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.919424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0               126937533     67.29%     67.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1292666      0.69%     67.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                21573107     11.44%     79.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                  900269      0.48%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 4082889      2.16%     82.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1550012      0.82%     82.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 3481400      1.85%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  827073      0.44%     85.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                27983532     14.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           188628481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.155466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.743873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                25586202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles            122670934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 19663311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles             19744738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                963296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             308218937                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                963296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                31590717                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               90037330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles       7255944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 32486778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             26294416                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             303805567                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents             18971472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                 11632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents               3323142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          359544346                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            664181317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       405197381                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups               69                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            340732300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                18812044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts            155469                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts        154057                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 92107692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             8893785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            4034261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads           532538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores          430687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 299864123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             533197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                298907332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           227361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       14401865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18831525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        210943                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    188628481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.584635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.116812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          107988037     57.25%     57.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10088856      5.35%     62.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            8597769      4.56%     67.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           17147539      9.09%     76.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           20174553     10.70%     86.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            9101111      4.82%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           14910410      7.90%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             447554      0.24%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             172652      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      188628481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                6106378     96.90%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                134416      2.13%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                60746      0.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           292605      0.10%      0.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            283994766     95.01%     95.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               55901      0.02%     95.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                44232      0.01%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 31      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     95.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11032850      3.69%     98.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3486947      1.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             298907332                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.366700                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    6301540                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021082                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         792971920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        314802655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    293805771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                126                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           52                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses             304916204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     63                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          451749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12152                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4249                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1294242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1505                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2844077                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                963296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1477050                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2073994                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          300397320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           132614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8893813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             4034261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            275873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2075067                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4249                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        314672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       847255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts             1161927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            297127837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10612323                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1638177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    13839507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                30619807                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   3227184                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.358564                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     293977774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    293805823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                217255131                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                347988564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.343375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       14381620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         322254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           953749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    186188133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.536056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.296980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    112652257     60.50%     60.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6268424      3.37%     63.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12025940      6.46%     70.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     28099842     15.09%     85.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1032372      0.55%     85.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8362177      4.49%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561127      0.30%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15419466      8.28%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1766528      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    186188133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           143810854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             285995451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       9506482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      6766463                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                     145281                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  29912629                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                261335810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              601018                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       113944      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       276281990     96.60%     96.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          51568      0.02%     96.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           43388      0.02%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6764526      2.37%     99.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2740019      0.96%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        285995451                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events              1766528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   484756174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  603224105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                         468536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                       30078805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                 10128926143                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  143810854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    285995451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.520798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.520798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.657549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.657549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               394333359                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes              235319911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                       52                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                151141527                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes               113475621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads              100139081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                125919                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               896290                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              896290                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22179                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22179                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       869570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        16312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port       896660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio         3626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total      1788446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio         4098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio         4186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         9390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio         1670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        25412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1840450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           31                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           19                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       434785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           49                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port      1793314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio         7714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total      2246926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio          618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio         2022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio         2022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio          428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio         2049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio         2093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pci_host.pio         3945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        21845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2298540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                63000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              1103500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                81500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                59000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy              7847500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            434786500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy             10388500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy            25100500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy               10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy           674816884                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             5040934                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             4994657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             5015944                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy             3774000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2183181                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy          2005863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             6500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            10448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            18975500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          194                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       840704                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          237                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                9970328                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 11.218294                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                10.480270                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.901212                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1264489     12.68%     12.68% |     7211198     72.33%     85.01% |     1482422     14.87%     99.88% |       10910      0.11%     99.99% |         995      0.01%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  9970328                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     52144421                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.704614                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.531551                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.842756                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |    25596440     49.09%     49.09% |    24721880     47.41%     96.50% |     1751577      3.36%     99.86% |       71788      0.14%     99.99% |        2600      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     52144421                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       52144421                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean         11.535937                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.556038                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        37.072682                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    50276585     96.42%     96.42% |     1817688      3.49%     99.90% |       12183      0.02%     99.93% |        5992      0.01%     99.94% |       20283      0.04%     99.98% |       11509      0.02%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         52144421                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     47158879                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.007225                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000866                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.584852                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |    47151834     99.99%     99.99% |        1908      0.00%     99.99% |        1652      0.00%     99.99% |        2534      0.01%    100.00% |         771      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     47158879                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4985542                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.128375                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.112975                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.347119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3117708     62.53%     62.53% |     1817686     36.46%     98.99% |       12183      0.24%     99.24% |        5992      0.12%     99.36% |       20283      0.41%     99.77% |       11509      0.23%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4985542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1247990                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      3737551                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     21784080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1878880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     23662960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       252311                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        27786                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        31394                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      3095861                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         71752                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7889909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       982771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8872680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        46345                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        20176                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        26037                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1436276                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         29901                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3592820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       316409                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3909229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        25275                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         8045                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        13323                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load       388231                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          7918                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     13892070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1807482                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     15699552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        60111                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        20375                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        36079                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      3007337                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         81535                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads     31242828                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes     31242828                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity     31484066                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity     31242828                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10868492                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10866684                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity     31242828                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads     26738907                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes     26738907                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26948561                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity     26738907                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9214220                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9212791                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity     26738907                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads     20365079                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes     20365079                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20501326                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity     20365079                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7182189                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7181171                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity     20365079                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads     30710098                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes     30710098                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity     31049148                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity     30710098                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10507959                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10505914                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity     30710098                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |       13283      0.02%      0.02% |       13615      0.03%      0.05% |    23669262     44.15%     44.20% |     4984786      9.30%     53.50% |    24927710     46.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     53608656                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |       13283      0.02%      0.02% |       13615      0.03%      0.05% |    23669262     44.15%     44.20% |     4984786      9.30%     53.50% |    24927710     46.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     53608656                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |      106129                       |      108945                       |   549810604                       |    39968792                       |   269909837                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |       79698                       |       13615                       |    54444208                       |    18716020                       |    93569020                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |    7.989837                       |    8.001836                       |   23.228887                       |    8.018156                       |   10.827703                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |           6                       |           1                       |    2.300207                       |    3.754629                       |    3.753615                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    16.040400                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.111859                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         19.152259                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.015720                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.000001      0.01%      0.01% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.01% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.02% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.02% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.03% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.04% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.04% |    0.000001      0.01%      0.05% |    0.001713     10.90%     10.95% |    0.001712     10.89%     21.84% |    0.001713     10.90%     32.73% |    0.001712     10.89%     43.62% |    0.000361      2.29%     45.92% |    0.000361      2.29%     48.21% |    0.000361      2.29%     50.50% |    0.000361      2.29%     52.80% |    0.001855     11.80%     64.60% |    0.001855     11.80%     76.40% |    0.001855     11.80%     88.20% |    0.001855     11.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.015720                      
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4985542                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        14.406250                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       14.230023                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.266935                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3493690     70.08%     70.08% |     1481387     29.71%     99.79% |       10052      0.20%     99.99% |         406      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4985542                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       4984786                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.029853                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        7.718256                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.229504                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1264489     25.37%     25.37% |     3717508     74.58%     99.94% |        1035      0.02%     99.96% |         858      0.02%     99.98% |         589      0.01%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         4984786                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     20911830                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      12.258492                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.562341                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     39.196183                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    20025459     95.76%     95.76% |      864920      4.14%     99.90% |        4442      0.02%     99.92% |        2145      0.01%     99.93% |        9322      0.04%     99.97% |        5484      0.03%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      20911830                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18933132                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008363                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001048                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.633845                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    18930171     99.98%     99.98% |         377      0.00%     99.99% |         794      0.00%     99.99% |        1393      0.01%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     18933132                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1978698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.905123                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.551179                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.601260                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1092327     55.20%     55.20% |      864920     43.71%     98.92% |        4442      0.22%     99.14% |        2145      0.11%     99.25% |        9322      0.47%     99.72% |        5484      0.28%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1978698                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11203416                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.177834                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.219272                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.452274                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    11004276     98.22%     98.22% |      193374      1.73%     99.95% |        1155      0.01%     99.96% |         546      0.00%     99.96% |        2637      0.02%     99.99% |        1413      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      11203416                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10740706                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004610                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000791                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.459800                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    10739805     99.99%     99.99% |         252      0.00%     99.99% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     10740706                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       462710                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.261844                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.329611                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.577302                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      263571     56.96%     56.96% |      193373     41.79%     98.75% |        1155      0.25%     99.00% |         546      0.12%     99.12% |        2637      0.57%     99.69% |        1413      0.31%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       462710                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     17979880                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.272468                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.682059                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.538137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    17359958     96.55%     96.55% |      602243      3.35%     99.90% |        5149      0.03%     99.93% |        2886      0.02%     99.95% |        6266      0.03%     99.98% |        3299      0.02%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     17979880                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15894807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008176                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.621247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    15891695     99.98%     99.98% |        1246      0.01%     99.99% |         646      0.00%     99.99% |         865      0.01%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     15894807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2085073                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.141768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.090866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.289123                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1465152     70.27%     70.27% |      602242     28.88%     99.15% |        5149      0.25%     99.40% |        2886      0.14%     99.54% |        6266      0.30%     99.84% |        3299      0.16%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2085073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1071027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.132142                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.169325                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.488349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      930158     86.85%     86.85% |      136150     12.71%     99.56% |        1285      0.12%     99.68% |         313      0.03%     99.71% |        1877      0.18%     99.88% |        1216      0.11%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1071027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       656610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003305                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000384                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.395176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      656563     99.99%     99.99% |          13      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       656610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       414417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.635111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.164199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.544302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      273548     66.01%     66.01% |      136150     32.85%     98.86% |        1285      0.31%     99.17% |         313      0.08%     99.25% |        1877      0.45%     99.70% |        1216      0.29%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       414417                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       489134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.078420                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.520244                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.243450                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      467600     95.60%     95.60% |       21001      4.29%     99.89% |         152      0.03%     99.92% |         102      0.02%     99.94% |         181      0.04%     99.98% |          97      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       489134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       444490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000192                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.169022                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      444464     99.99%     99.99% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       444490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.410156                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.235591                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.183268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23110     51.77%     51.77% |       21001     47.04%     98.81% |         152      0.34%     99.15% |         102      0.23%     99.38% |         181      0.41%     99.78% |          97      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        44644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       489134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000366                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000064                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.084698                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |      489122    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       489134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       489134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000366                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000064                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.084698                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      489122    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       489134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1247990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.344279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.950152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.274054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1244363     99.71%     99.71% |        3615      0.29%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1247990                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3737552                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.083758                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.448090                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.171644                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1873345     50.12%     50.12% |     1814071     48.54%     98.66% |       12179      0.33%     98.98% |        5991      0.16%     99.14% |       20277      0.54%     99.69% |       11508      0.31%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3737552                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean          147                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean   147.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       272256                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.597346                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.101247                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.221832                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      170289     62.55%     62.55% |      100861     37.05%     99.59% |        1099      0.40%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       272256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1706442                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.729258                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.594479                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.331202                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      821177     48.12%     48.12% |      863817     50.62%     98.74% |        4440      0.26%     99.00% |        2145      0.13%     99.13% |        9321      0.55%     99.68% |        5484      0.32%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1706442                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2162                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.896855                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.090559                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.120252                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1420     65.68%     65.68% |         686     31.73%     97.41% |          36      1.67%     99.07% |          17      0.79%     99.86% |           2      0.09%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2162                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       460548                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.549917                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.678325                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.547043                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      261429     56.76%     56.76% |      193353     41.98%     98.75% |        1155      0.25%     99.00% |         546      0.12%     99.12% |        2637      0.57%     99.69% |        1413      0.31%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       460548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       922998                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    62.829265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.492184                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.699602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      920738     99.76%     99.76% |        2251      0.24%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       922998                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1162075                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.189329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.707157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.136073                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      544414     46.85%     46.85% |      599991     51.63%     98.48% |        5147      0.44%     98.92% |        2885      0.25%     99.17% |        6261      0.54%     99.71% |        3298      0.28%     99.99% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1162075                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.804566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.954210                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.898528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       19535     49.22%     49.22% |       19569     49.31%     98.53% |         350      0.88%     99.42% |         201      0.51%     99.92% |          31      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       374731                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.018336                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.315064                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.626440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      234094     62.47%     62.47% |      135918     36.27%     98.74% |        1285      0.34%     99.08% |         313      0.08%     99.17% |        1877      0.50%     99.67% |        1216      0.32%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       374731                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10888                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    62.749173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.472657                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.590587                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8143     74.79%     74.79% |        2412     22.15%     96.94% |         237      2.18%     99.12% |          63      0.58%     99.70% |          24      0.22%     99.92% |           7      0.06%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10888                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33756                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.105759                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.677730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.514050                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12231     36.23%     36.23% |       20992     62.19%     98.42% |         152      0.45%     98.87% |         102      0.30%     99.17% |         181      0.54%     99.71% |          97      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33756                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      446478      8.95%      8.95% |      308924      6.19%     15.14% |      355838      7.13%     22.27% |      298609      5.99%     28.26% |      302315      6.06%     34.32% |      297684      5.97%     40.29% |      314761      6.31%     46.59% |      268401      5.38%     51.97% |      289580      5.80%     57.78% |      302228      6.06%     63.84% |      264004      5.29%     69.13% |      310240      6.22%     75.35% |      305603      6.13%     81.47% |      291763      5.85%     87.32% |      303971      6.09%     93.41% |      328603      6.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      4989002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      327402      8.76%      8.76% |      240056      6.42%     15.19% |      243650      6.52%     21.71% |      229199      6.13%     27.84% |      231196      6.19%     34.03% |      213010      5.70%     39.73% |      237303      6.35%     46.08% |      199980      5.35%     51.43% |      216870      5.80%     57.24% |      222264      5.95%     63.19% |      213912      5.72%     68.91% |      243820      6.53%     75.44% |      227057      6.08%     81.51% |      218472      5.85%     87.36% |      239486      6.41%     93.77% |      232815      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      3736492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |          53     21.03%     21.03% |           5      1.98%     23.02% |         164     65.08%     88.10% |           2      0.79%     88.89% |           5      1.98%     90.87% |           3      1.19%     92.06% |           1      0.40%     92.46% |           0      0.00%     92.46% |           9      3.57%     96.03% |           1      0.40%     96.43% |           2      0.79%     97.22% |           2      0.79%     98.02% |           1      0.40%     98.41% |           3      1.19%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total          252                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           83                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         826      6.26%      6.26% |         826      6.26%     12.52% |         826      6.26%     18.77% |         826      6.26%     25.03% |         826      6.26%     31.29% |         826      6.26%     37.55% |         826      6.26%     43.80% |         826      6.26%     50.06% |         824      6.24%     56.30% |         824      6.24%     62.55% |         824      6.24%     68.79% |         824      6.24%     75.03% |         824      6.24%     81.27% |         824      6.24%     87.52% |         824      6.24%     93.76% |         824      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        13200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      327502      8.76%      8.76% |      240130      6.42%     15.19% |      243712      6.52%     21.71% |      229261      6.13%     27.84% |      231263      6.19%     34.03% |      213078      5.70%     39.73% |      237367      6.35%     46.08% |      200048      5.35%     51.43% |      216941      5.80%     57.24% |      222328      5.95%     63.19% |      213983      5.73%     68.91% |      243886      6.53%     75.44% |      227124      6.08%     81.51% |      218536      5.85%     87.36% |      239547      6.41%     93.77% |      232879      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3737585                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      328228      8.75%      8.75% |      240882      6.42%     15.18% |      244476      6.52%     21.70% |      230025      6.13%     27.83% |      232022      6.19%     34.02% |      213836      5.70%     39.72% |      238129      6.35%     46.07% |      200806      5.36%     51.43% |      217694      5.81%     57.23% |      223088      5.95%     63.18% |      214735      5.73%     68.91% |      244643      6.52%     75.43% |      227881      6.08%     81.51% |      219296      5.85%     87.36% |      240310      6.41%     93.77% |      233639      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      3749690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      327469      8.76%      8.76% |      240130      6.42%     15.19% |      243712      6.52%     21.71% |      229261      6.13%     27.84% |      231263      6.19%     34.03% |      213078      5.70%     39.73% |      237367      6.35%     46.08% |      200048      5.35%     51.43% |      216941      5.80%     57.24% |      222328      5.95%     63.19% |      213983      5.73%     68.91% |      243886      6.53%     75.44% |      227124      6.08%     81.51% |      218536      5.85%     87.36% |      239547      6.41%     93.77% |      232879      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      3737552                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         826      6.26%      6.26% |         826      6.26%     12.52% |         826      6.26%     18.78% |         826      6.26%     25.03% |         826      6.26%     31.29% |         826      6.26%     37.55% |         826      6.26%     43.81% |         826      6.26%     50.07% |         824      6.24%     56.31% |         824      6.24%     62.55% |         823      6.24%     68.79% |         823      6.24%     75.03% |         824      6.24%     81.27% |         824      6.24%     87.51% |         824      6.24%     93.76% |         824      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        13198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      118715      9.51%      9.51% |       68605      5.50%     15.01% |      111809      8.96%     23.97% |       69144      5.54%     29.51% |       70761      5.67%     35.18% |       84373      6.76%     41.94% |       77244      6.19%     48.13% |       68283      5.47%     53.60% |       72539      5.81%     59.41% |       79699      6.39%     65.80% |       49719      3.98%     69.78% |       66120      5.30%     75.08% |       78321      6.28%     81.36% |       73135      5.86%     87.22% |       64278      5.15%     92.37% |       95245      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total      1247990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      327352      8.76%      8.76% |      240056      6.42%     15.19% |      243650      6.52%     21.71% |      229199      6.13%     27.84% |      231196      6.19%     34.03% |      213010      5.70%     39.73% |      237303      6.35%     46.08% |      199980      5.35%     51.43% |      216870      5.80%     57.24% |      222264      5.95%     63.19% |      213911      5.72%     68.91% |      243819      6.53%     75.44% |      227057      6.08%     81.51% |      218472      5.85%     87.36% |      239486      6.41%     93.77% |      232815      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      3736440                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |          53     21.03%     21.03% |           5      1.98%     23.02% |         164     65.08%     88.10% |           2      0.79%     88.89% |           5      1.98%     90.87% |           3      1.19%     92.06% |           1      0.40%     92.46% |           0      0.00%     92.46% |           9      3.57%     96.03% |           1      0.40%     96.43% |           2      0.79%     97.22% |           2      0.79%     98.02% |           1      0.40%     98.41% |           3      1.19%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total          252                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         242      7.31%      7.31% |         188      5.68%     12.99% |         231      6.98%     19.97% |         201      6.07%     26.04% |         290      8.76%     34.80% |         232      7.01%     41.81% |         150      4.53%     46.34% |          67      2.02%     48.37% |          99      2.99%     51.36% |         199      6.01%     57.37% |         302      9.12%     66.50% |         234      7.07%     73.56% |         158      4.77%     78.34% |          92      2.78%     81.12% |         146      4.41%     85.53% |         479     14.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total         3310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      327469      8.76%      8.76% |      240130      6.42%     15.19% |      243712      6.52%     21.71% |      229261      6.13%     27.84% |      231263      6.19%     34.03% |      213078      5.70%     39.73% |      237367      6.35%     46.08% |      200048      5.35%     51.43% |      216941      5.80%     57.24% |      222328      5.95%     63.19% |      213983      5.73%     68.91% |      243886      6.53%     75.44% |      227124      6.08%     81.51% |      218536      5.85%     87.36% |      239547      6.41%     93.77% |      232879      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3737552                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |          52     34.67%     34.67% |           1      0.67%     35.33% |          86     57.33%     92.67% |           3      2.00%     94.67% |           1      0.67%     95.33% |           1      0.67%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           3      2.00%     98.00% |           1      0.67%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total          150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      327352      8.76%      8.76% |      240056      6.42%     15.19% |      243650      6.52%     21.71% |      229199      6.13%     27.84% |      231196      6.19%     34.03% |      213010      5.70%     39.73% |      237303      6.35%     46.08% |      199980      5.35%     51.43% |      216870      5.80%     57.24% |      222264      5.95%     63.19% |      213911      5.72%     68.91% |      243819      6.53%     75.44% |      227057      6.08%     81.51% |      218472      5.85%     87.36% |      239486      6.41%     93.77% |      232815      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      3736440                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         826      6.26%      6.26% |         826      6.26%     12.52% |         826      6.26%     18.78% |         826      6.26%     25.03% |         826      6.26%     31.29% |         826      6.26%     37.55% |         826      6.26%     43.81% |         826      6.26%     50.07% |         824      6.24%     56.31% |         824      6.24%     62.55% |         823      6.24%     68.79% |         823      6.24%     75.03% |         824      6.24%     81.27% |         824      6.24%     87.51% |         824      6.24%     93.76% |         824      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        13198                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       13200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        13200                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       13200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           13200                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       13200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        13200                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       13200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        13200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     8458198     40.45%     40.45% |     3395715     16.24%     56.69% |     1803155      8.62%     65.31% |     7254762     34.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     20911830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7808364     43.43%     43.43% |     3222300     17.92%     61.35% |     1444687      8.04%     69.39% |     5504529     30.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     17979880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7396398     55.81%     55.81% |     2254665     17.01%     72.82% |      661387      4.99%     77.81% |     2940261     22.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     13252711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1878880     37.69%     37.69% |      982771     19.71%     57.40% |      316409      6.35%     63.75% |     1807482     36.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      4985542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      232026     18.59%     18.59% |      384049     30.77%     49.37% |      281885     22.59%     71.95% |      350030     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total      1247990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          14     13.46%     13.46% |          54     51.92%     65.38% |          12     11.54%     76.92% |          24     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     1686203     42.69%     42.69% |      686106     17.37%     60.06% |       53817      1.36%     61.42% |     1524080     38.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      3950206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1646654     44.07%     44.07% |      598469     16.02%     60.09% |       34013      0.91%     61.00% |     1457356     39.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3736492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |          11      4.37%      4.37% |         166     65.87%     70.24% |          18      7.14%     77.38% |          57     22.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      654536     33.08%     33.08% |      204190     10.32%     43.40% |       80270      4.06%     47.46% |     1039702     52.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1978698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      680525     32.64%     32.64% |      509825     24.45%     57.09% |      227098     10.89%     67.98% |      667625     32.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2085073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      543819     59.00%     59.00% |      268756     29.16%     88.15% |        9041      0.98%     89.13% |      100155     10.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       921771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       39545     18.52%     18.52% |       87498     40.98%     59.50% |       19792      9.27%     68.77% |       66679     31.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       213514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |          11      4.37%      4.37% |         166     65.87%     70.24% |          18      7.14%     77.38% |          57     22.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     7803662     41.22%     41.22% |     3191525     16.86%     58.07% |     1722885      9.10%     67.17% |     6215060     32.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     18933132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     7127839     44.84%     44.84% |     2712475     17.07%     61.91% |     1217589      7.66%     69.57% |     4836904     30.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     15894807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6852579     55.57%     55.57% |     1985909     16.11%     71.68% |      652346      5.29%     76.97% |     2840106     23.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     12330940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      232015     18.59%     18.59% |      383883     30.77%     49.36% |      281867     22.59%     71.95% |      349973     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total      1247738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           7     13.46%     13.46% |          27     51.92%     65.38% |           6     11.54%     76.92% |          12     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     1646658     44.07%     44.07% |      598608     16.02%     60.09% |       34025      0.91%     61.00% |     1457401     39.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      3736692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |          11      4.37%      4.37% |         166     65.87%     70.24% |          18      7.14%     77.38% |          57     22.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           7     13.46%     13.46% |          27     51.92%     65.38% |           6     11.54%     76.92% |          12     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1646654     44.07%     44.07% |      598469     16.02%     60.09% |       34013      0.91%     61.00% |     1457356     39.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      3736492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1335061     32.85%     32.85% |      714015     17.57%     50.42% |      307368      7.56%     57.99% |     1707327     42.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      4063771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      543819     59.00%     59.00% |      268756     29.16%     88.15% |        9041      0.98%     89.13% |      100155     10.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       921771                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
